Hello there.
This is the new Le Roux.
And welcome back.
So in the last lecture, we looked at constructor overloading and we had these two overloaded constructors
and this particular constructor was delegating the control to the second constructor to initialize the
variables.
Now here the delegation was happening from the constructor, which had fewer number of constructor parameters.
This one has only three, four, five, six and seven parameters, and this one has eight four, five,
six, seven, eight.
So the delegation was happening from the constructor having fewer number of constructor parameters,
but the delegation can also happen in the reverse order.
So we can also delegate from this constructor to this constructor in order to initialize the variables.
But typically, the convention seems to be that you would always delegate from the constructor having
fewer number of constructor parameters.
But we can also do it the other way.
But this seems to be the normal convention.
And when this happens, we would refer to this as the primary constructor, because it is initializing
the most number of instance variables.
So when the delegation happens in this way, we are considering this as the primary constructor.
So here in this lecture, I just wanted to show the other scenario also where we can delegate from this
constructor to this particular constructor, and the result would be just the same.
So let's just do that.
So let me comment this one.
And let's move all of these variables.
Okay.
And let's take this.
And all we need to do is we just need to remove this one.
Right.
So that's it.
And the rest of the logic is just the same.
So let's go ahead and compile and execute this.
I'm here in the basics directory.
So it is printing the output for only the last two students who are international students.
So let's look at the statements once again.
So for the first student who is John, we are invoking the first constructor and the state is getting
initialized, but we are not printing the state because there are no print statements here.
Now, for the second and the third, we are invoking the second constructor.
And the first thing that happens is we are delegating the control to this particular constructor and
all of these variables get initialized, then the rest of the logic will execute.
And finally, we have the print statements.
So after the delegation happens, these variables are getting initialized.
Then the control comes back to this constructor and the execution starts from here.
So we can see the output for the second and the third student objects, which are Raje and Anita.
So just wanted to show this that this is also possible, although typically you would have it this way.
So let me just.
Copy it back.
So this is how it would be.
I normally you would have you can have three or four overloaded constructors and all of them might invoke
this particular primary constructor.
And since they have fewer number of parameters, they would pass some default.
Like in this case, this particular constructor is passing is false.
So just wanted to show that this scenario is also possible where we are going to invoke from this constructor
to this particular constructor.
So that's it.
Thank you.
And I will see you in the next lecture.